r/iam_oidc_provider - add tagging support + validations + sweeper (#17964)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/iam_openid_connect_provider.html.markdown

* `url` - (Required) The URL of the identity provider. Corresponds to the _iss_ claim.
* `client_id_list` - (Required) A list of client IDs (also known as audiences). When a mobile or web app registers with an OpenID Connect provider, they establish a value that identifies the application. (This is the value that's sent as the client_id parameter on OAuth requests.)
* `thumbprint_list` - (Required) A list of server certificate thumbprints for the OpenID Connect (OIDC) identity provider's server certificate(s).

> * `tags` - Key-value mapping of tags for the IAM OIDC provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional) Map of resource tags for the IAM OIDC provider.
```
